Documentation incremental update: global architecture and getting-started experience (GSX) (#747)
planetlabs/planet-client-python: docs/get-started/get-your-planet-account.md

---
title: Get Your Planet Account
---

> Whenever you use the Planet SDK for Python to connect to Planet Labs PBC, you’ll need to authenticate with the Planet server. To do so, you need a Planet account with your own user name and password.

Reviewer: Agreed.

> Whenever you use the Planet SDK for Python to connect to Planet Labs PBC, you’ll need to authenticate with the Planet server. To do so, you need a Planet account with your own user name and password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever you use the Planet SDK for Python to connect to Plane's APIs, you’ll need to authenticate with the Planet server. To do so, you need a Planet account with your own user name and password.
```
